Conclude by discussing how the project relates to concepts in digital scholarship we’ve discussed so far in class. This discussion must make explicit reference to at least one reading from our course. How does the reading you choose inform or expand our understanding of the project in question? How does the project speak to the concepts in digital scholarship we’ve discussed in class?
Most of our readings expand on the importance of data being visualized in different kinds of graphs, such as bar, line, scatter, and so on. Though PRISM does not use any of these charts, besides a pie chart, it does visualize information in different ways. PRISM visualizes 

Subjective information can use graphical means to show its inflected character, demonstrating its deviation from standard norms in the way the display looks, or, in dynamic displays, the way it acts. (Drucker)
Drucker mentions that subjective information is more complicated to graph. 

Subjective character deviates from the standard norms by using graphic variables such as intensity of tone, size, color, or other feature to embody its qualities.
Prism utilizes color, size, and pie charts to visualize the data collected by it’s community and users to show the overall interpretation of the text that was selected.

Drucker helps us understand the complexity that comes with subjective information, such as poems, short stories, songs etc, and that it can be helpful to utilize basic visual aids to gain a better perspective on the general public on a certain work.
In class we’ve discussed how we could map out an experience in reaction to an event, even though trying to interpret a text is not eventful, we still gain a certain amount of knowledge from other people’s interpretations, and can inspire our own take on the material.

Discuss your ability to make multimodal arguments using the tool. What ideas, thoughts, concepts, or interpretations were you able to express in a multimodal form? Was there anything you couldn’t express?
Depending on how the original poster decides to use the facets, the website can be used to invite users to dig deeper into texts. This is brought on by viewing different readers interpretations of the given text. 

Discuss the overall usability of the tool based on your experience. Could you use it to conduct research for future courses?
It invites discussion by providing differing views on texts. However, the website doesn’t have a chat or comment feature (probably because it was initially intended to be used by teachers and students and that could get bad). This can stunt the development of discussion as it gives no opening for dialogue to begin.
-its best used by teachers as a tool to help students analyse literature. We see a lot of texts with facets related to literary terms (like metaphors, foreshadowing) and character development et cetera whatever. 
